[DOC-300] Add basic info about LDAP, add some manual search terms (#14832)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/gssapi_authentication.md

summary: Learn about the GSSAPI authentication features for secure CockroachDB clusters.
toc: true
docs_area: manage
tags: authentication, ldap, kerberos, gssapi
---

> CockroachDB supports the Generic Security Services API (GSSAPI) with Kerberos authentication. Although CockroachDB does not support communicating directly with an LDAP service, GSSAPI with Kerberos can be configured to communicate with your LDAP service to authenticate users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CockroachDB supports the Generic Security Services API (GSSAPI) with Kerberos authentication. Although CockroachDB does not support communicating directly with an LDAP service, you can configure GSSAPI with Kerberos to communicate with your LDAP service to authenticate users.
```
